DRA:  remove "classic DRA" (#48289)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/dynamic-resource-allocation.md

Reviewer: Can we mention that v1.26 to v1.31 offered an early implementation.

Try this text as part of that:
```markdown
Kubernetes versions after v1.31 do not provide _classic DRA_. This documentation,
which is for Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}}, explains the current approach
to dynamic resource allocation within Kubernetes.
```

Or something similar.

Author: I inverted the logic because when phrased as above, it kind of implies that the reader knows about classic DRA:

```
Kubernetes versions before 1.32 also provided _classic DRA_, which is no longer
supported. This documentation, which is for Kubernetes v{{< skew
currentVersion >}}, explains the current approach to dynamic resource
allocation within Kubernetes.
```

Reviewer: Watch out for implying that versions before 1.26 included that support @pohly.

Author: "*Some* Kubernetes version" ?

This is intentionally vague. Users shouldn't have to read and potentially remember details that are literally history.

Reviewer: I'd rather tell people. Otherwise:
- they will file pull requests to add the detail
- we're missing out details

There are plenty of unsupported clusters in production.

Author: Ack. I'm now using the text that you proposed.

Different kinds of resources support arbitrary parameters for defining requirements and
initialization.

> Kubernetes versions before 1.32 also provided _classic DRA_, which is no longer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes v1.26 through to 1.31 included an (alpha) implementation of _classic DRA_, which is no
longer available or
```

Author: This of course also works. Applied.

supported. This documentation, which is for Kubernetes v{{< skew

> currentVersion >}}, explains the current approach to dynamic resource

Reviewer: (nit)
Avoid splitting a shortcode over 2 lines.

Author: Fixed.

  when installing a resource driver. Each request to allocate a device
  in a ResourceClaim must reference exactly one DeviceClass.

ResourceSlice
: Used by DRA drivers to publish information about resources
  that are available in the cluster.

All parameters that select devices are defined in the ResourceClaim and
DeviceClass with in-tree types. Configuration parameters can be embedded there

> as arbitrary JSON objects.

Reviewer: _Aside (not linked to classic DRA removal)_

Do they have to be JSON? I think we're describing an implementation detail.

If you use the API through YAML, or even soon CBOR, can you still provide an arbitrary structure here.

Author: They have to be embedded as JSON. API validation checks that.

Author: > the value of the field is a string in JSON format, even if the client sends YAML or CBOR as the request body?

After decoding of what the client sent, the raw bytes must be valid JSON. So if someone sends with protobuf encoding, the string must be JSON.

Reviewer: OK. Best to follow up on another PR. Good to clarify this for beta though.

Author: As I'm touching it here and we started this discussion, let's fix it also in this PR. How about this?

> Configuration parameters can be embedded there.
> What configuration parameters are valid depends on the DRA driver, Kubernetes
> only passes them through without interpreting them.

Reviewer: OK, SGTM. Thanks.

  when installing a resource driver. Each request to allocate a device
  in a ResourceClaim must reference exactly one DeviceClass.

ResourceSlice
: Used by DRA drivers to publish information about resources
  that are available in the cluster.

All parameters that select devices are defined in the ResourceClaim and
DeviceClass with in-tree types. Configuration parameters can be embedded there.

> What configuration parameters are valid depends on the DRA driver, Kubernetes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which configuration parameters are valid depends on the DRA driver -- Kubernetes
```
